В [https://github.com/LemmyNet/lemmy Lemmy] содержалось (до версии 1.0) встроенная цензура слов из-за политических взглядов авторов программы, которые считают, что запрет на использование некоторых слов может быть и в свободной программе, по определению являющейся нейтральным инструментом. [[ru/Секта/Main Page|Наша организация]] считает этот поступок неэтичным и неуважением к своим же пользователям. Lemmy являлся вредительской программой.

<code>static ref SLUR_REGEX: Regex = RegexBuilder::new(r"(fag(g|got|tard)?|maricos?|cock\s?sucker(s|ing)?|\bn(i|1)g(\b|g?(a|er)?(s|z)?)\b|dindu(s?)|mudslime?s?|kikes?|mongoloids?|towel\s*heads?|\bspi(c|k)s?\b|\bchinks?|niglets?|beaners?|\bnips?\b|\bcoons?\b|jungle\s*bunn(y|ies?)|jigg?aboo?s?|\bpakis?\b|rag\s*heads?|gooks?|cunts?|bitch(es|ing|y)?|puss(y|ies?)|twats?|feminazis?|whor(es?|ing)|\bslut(s|t?y)?|\btr(a|@)nn?(y|ies?)|ladyboy(s?)|\b(b|re|r)tard(ed)?s?)").case_insensitive(true).build().unwrap();</code>

https://github.com/LemmyNet/lemmy/commit/1c0cc78f3f6d191aa384d8702016564625d51269<blockquote>We are never going to remove the slur filter completely (or add an option to that effect), because we dont want to make it easy for right-wingers to use Lemmy. We can talk about removing or changing specific words, but in general I dont think there is anything wrong with writing “b*tch” or something like that.</blockquote>https://github.com/LemmyNet/lemmy/pull/816#issuecomment-644694838<blockquote>I’ll have to think about this. Hard-coding it means I don’t have to do a database migration every time someone comes up with a new slur. And putting it in a DB table means someone could very easily remove it by deleting every row of that table, which isn’t good. I want to make it very difficult for racist trolls to use the most updated version of Lemmy.</blockquote>https://github.com/LemmyNet/lemmy/issues/622#issuecomment-608707278